README.md, before:

# Themecord
Discord theme that will always match your wallpaper!

# Installation (for Arch)
Copy this repo and execute install script

```
git clone https://github.com/danihek/Themecord
cd Themecord
./install
```
# Installation (Manual)

1. Install Vencord
2. Copy custom ```Themecord.css``` and ```ThemecordFiller.css.themecord``` to your ```~/.config/Vencord/themes/```
3. Customize ```discordColors.sh``` for your needs

# Dependencies
- python-pywal
- swww
- vencord
# Usage / Binding
Installation script created ```~/.config/themecord/scripts``` folder to store ```discordColors.sh``` and ```update_wallpaper.sh```

If you are using Wayland you can use ```update_wallpaper.sh``` which uses swww - It should work out of the box, but you can write your own similar script and use ```discordColors.sh``` to copy css to directly to discord .css
I recommend bind it for quick access or write rofi script for better management

# Showcase
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022114_hyprshot.png)
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022423_hyprshot.png)
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022241_hyprshot.png)
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022145_hyprshot.png)

Commit message:

nix support, cleanup, more clients support

README.md, after:

# Themecord
Discord theme that will always match your wallpaper!

## Dependecies
- python-pywal
- Compatible discord client

## Supported Clients:
- Vencord
- Vesktop

## Installation (Manual)
1. Install supported discord client
2. Copy ```colors-discord.css``` from ```./css``` folder to your ```~/.config/wal/templates/```
3. Copy ```Themecord.css``` from ```./css``` folder to your ```~/.config/DISCORDCLIENT/themes/```
4. In your discord client, go to themes and select Themecord from available themes.
5. Now when will you change your wallpaper using pywal, run ```./scripts/discordColors.sh``` and your discord theme will be applied.

## Example usage
In folder ```./example``` you see example script which you can use as your template in your own script/config and edit to your needs. Enjoy!

# Showcase
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022114_hyprshot.png)
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022423_hyprshot.png)
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022241_hyprshot.png)
![alt text](https://github.com/danihek/Themecord/blob/main/assets/2024-01-14-022145_hyprshot.png)
